Miscellaneous fixes to ILM docs (#2564)
elastic/docs-content: manage-data/lifecycle/index-lifecycle-management/policy-view-status.md

# View the lifecycle status of an index or data stream [view-lifecycle-status]

For any existing managed index or data stream in your cluster, you can access the {{ilm-init}} policy applied to it and its current status.

> You can do this procedure in {{kib}} or using the {{es}} API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the lifecycle status of an index or data stream in {{kib}} or using the {{es}} API.
```

:::{tip}

> If you're investigating an {{ilm-init}}-related problem, you can also refer to [Troubleshoot index and snapshot lifecycle management](/troubleshoot/elasticsearch/start-ilm.md) and [Fix index lifecycle management errors](/troubleshoot/elasticsearch/index-lifecycle-management-errors.md) in the {{es}} chapter of the **Troubleshoot** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're investigating an {{ilm-init}}-related problem, refer to [Troubleshoot index and snapshot lifecycle management](/troubleshoot/elasticsearch/start-ilm.md) and [Fix index lifecycle management errors](/troubleshoot/elasticsearch/index-lifecycle-management-errors.md) in the {{es}} chapter of the **Troubleshoot** section.
```
